Oauth2 redirect flow for authentication (instead of using popup) (#15841)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/long-gorillas-remain.md

> ---
> '@backstage/core-components': minor
> '@backstage/core-plugin-api': minor
> '@backstage/plugin-gitops-profiles': minor
> '@backstage/app-defaults': minor
> '@backstage/core-app-api': minor
> '@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': minor
> '@backstage/test-utils': minor
> ---
> 
> Introduce a new global config parameter, "enableExperimentalRedirectFlow" When enabled, instead of having a popup window where the authentication takes place, backstage will redirect to the authentication backend plugin, followed by a redirect back to the backstage frontend after authentication takes place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/core-components': patch
'@backstage/app-defaults': minor
'@backstage/core-app-api': minor
'@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': patch
'@backstage/test-utils': minor
---

Introduce a new global config parameter, `auth.enableExperimentalRedirectFlow`. When enabled, auth will happen with an in-window redirect flow rather than through a popup window.
```

Suggesting a new message that skips some of the internal implementation. Tweaked the package bumps a bit too to avoid unnecessary bumps.
